# Cracking the Coding Interview: 6th Edition (in C++)

#### Return to [README](../README.md)
#### See also: [Completed Question List](QTODO-list.md)

## Chapter `09` | System Design and Scalability

### [9.1: Stock Data](../src/09/01/main.cpp) `./ctci6 09 01`
- Imagine you are building some sort of service that will be called by up to 1,000 client applications to get simple end-of-day stock price information (open, close, high, low). <p>You may assume that you already have the data, and you can store it in any format you wish. <p>How would you design the client-facing service that provides the information to client applications? <p>You are responsible for the development, rollout, and ongoing monitoring and maintenance of the feed. <p>Describe the different methods you considered and why you would recommend your approach. <p>Your service can use any technologies you wish, and can distribute the information to the client applications in any mechanism you choose.

### [9.2: Social Network](../src/09/02/main.cpp) `./ctci6 09 02`
- How would you design the data structures for a very large social network like Facebook or LinkedIn? <p>Describe how you would design an algorithm to show the shortest path between two people. <br>(e.g., `Me -> Bob -> Susan -> Jason -> You`)

### [9.3: Web Crawler](../src/09/03/main.cpp) `./ctci6 09 03`
- If you were designing a web crawler, how would you avoid getting into infinite loops?

### [9.4: Duplicate URLs](../src/09/04/main.cpp) `./ctci6 09 04`
- You have 10 billion URLs. How do you detect the duplicate documents? In this case, assume "duplicate" means that the URLs are identical.

### [9.5: Cache](../src/09/05/main.cpp) `./ctci6 09 05`
- Imagine a web server for a simplified search engine. <p>This system has 100 machines to respond to search queries, which may then call out using `processSearch(string query)` to another cluster of machines to actually get the result. <p>The machine which responds to a given query is chosen at random, so you cannot guarantee that the same machine will always respond to the same request. <p>The method `processSearch` is very expensive. Design a caching mechanism for the most recent queries. Be sure to explain how you would update the cache when data changes.

### [9.6: Sales Rank](../src/09/06/main.cpp) `./ctci6 09 06`
- A large eCommerce company wishes to list the best-selling products, overall and by category. <p>For example, one product might be the #1056th best-selling product overall but the #13th best-selling product under "Sports Equipment" and the #24th best-selling product under "Safety." <p>Describe how you would design this system.

### [9.7: Personal Financial Manager](../src/09/07/main.cpp) `./ctci6 09 07`
- Explain how you would design a personal financial manager (like Mint.com).This system would connect to your bank accounts, analyze your spending habits, and make recommendations.

### [9.8: Pastebin](../src/09/08/main.cpp) `./ctci6 09 08`
- Design a system like Pastebin, where a user can enter a piece of text and get a randomly generated URL to access it.

#### Return to [README](../README.md)
#### See also: [Completed Question List](QTODO-list.md)
