# Cracking the Coding Interview: 6th Edition (in C++)

#### Return to [README](../README.md)
#### See also: [Completed Question List](QTODO-list.md)

## Chapter `10` | Sorting and Searching

### [10.1: Sorted Merge](../src/10/01/main.cpp) `./ctci6 10 01`
- You are given two sorted arrays, A and B, where A has a large enough buffer at the
end to hold B. Write a method to merge B into A in sorted order.
  
### [10.2: Group Anagrams](../src/10/02/main.cpp) `./ctci6 10 02`
- Write a method to sort an array of strings so that all the anagrams are next to each other.
  
### [10.3: Search in Rotated Array](../src/10/03/main.cpp) `./ctci6 10 03`
- Given a sorted array of n integers that has been rotated an unknown number of times, write code to find an element in the array. You may assume that the array was originally sorted in increasing order.

    EXAMPLE<br>
    ```
    Input:  find 5 in { 15, 16, 19, 20, 25, 1, 3, 4, 5, 7, 10, 14 }
    Output: 8 (the index of 5 in the array)
    ```

### [10.4: Sorted Search, No Size](../src/10/04/main.cpp) `./ctci6 10 04`
- You are given an array-like data structure `Listy` which lacks a size method. <p>It does, however, have an `elementAt(i)` method that returns the element at index `i` in `0(1)` time. <p>If `i` is beyond the bounds of the data structure, it returns -1. (For this reason, the data structure only supports positive integers.) <p>Given a `Listy` which contains sorted, positive integers, find the index at which an element `x` occurs. If `x` occurs multiple times, you may return any index.
  
### [10.5: Sparse Search](../src/10/05/main.cpp) `./ctci6 10 05`
- Given a sorted array of strings that is interspersed with empty strings, write a method to find the location of a given string.

    EXAMPLE<br>
    ```
    Input: 
    ball, { "at", "", "", "ball", "", "", "car", "", "", "dad", "", "" }

    Output: 4
    ```
  
### [10.6: Sort Big File](../src/10/06/main.cpp) `./ctci6 10 06`
- Imagine you have a 20 GB file with one string per line. Explain how you would sort the file.
  
### [10.7: Missing Int](../src/10/07/main.cpp) `./ctci6 10 07`
- Given an input file with four billion non-negative integers, provide an algorithm to generate an integer that is not contained in the file. Assume you have 1 GB of memory available for this task.

    FOLLOW UP<br>
    - What if you have only 10 MB of memory? Assume that all the values are distinct and we now have no more than one billion non-negative integers.
  
### [10.8: Find Duplicates](../src/10/08/main.cpp) `./ctci6 10 08`
- You have an array with all the numbers from 1 to `N`, where `N` is at most 32,000. <p>The array may have duplicate entries and you do not know what `N` is.  <p>With only 4 kilobytes of memory available, how would you print all duplicate elements in the array?
  
### [10.9: Sorted Matrix Search](../src/10/09/main.cpp) `./ctci6 10 09`
- Given an '(M x N)` matrix in which each row and each column is sorted in ascending order, write a method to find an element.
  
### [10.10: Rank from Stream](../src/10/10/main.cpp) `./ctci6 10 10`
- Imagine you are reading in a stream of integers. Periodically, you wish to be able to look up the rank of a number `x` (the number of values less than or equal to `x`). <p>Implement the data structures and algorithms to support these operations. <p>That is, implement the method `track(int x)`, which is called when each number is generated, and the method `getRankOfNumber(int x)` , which returns the number of values less than or equal to `x` (not including `x` itself).

    EXAMPLE<br>
    ```
    Stream (in order of appearance):    5, 1, 4, 4, 5, 9, 7, 13, 3
    getRankOfNumber(1) = 0
    getRankOfNumber(3) = 1
    getRankOfNumber(4) = 3
    ```
  
### [10.11: Peaks and Valleys](../src/10/11/main.cpp) `./ctci6 10 11`
- In an array of integers, a "peak" is an element which is greater than or equal to the adjacent integers and a "valley" is an element which is less than or equal to the adjacent inte- gers. <p>For example, <br>in the array `{ 5, 8, 6, 2, 3, 4, 6 }`,<br> `{ 8, 6 }` are peaks <br>and `{ 5, 2 }` are valleys. <p>Given an array of integers, <br>sort the array into an alternating sequence of peaks and valleys.

    EXAMPLE<br>
    ```
    Input:  { 5, 3, 1, 2, 3 }
    Output: { 5, 1, 3, 2, 3 }
    ```

#### Return to [README](../README.md)
#### See also: [Completed Question List](QTODO-list.md)
