# Cracking the Coding Interview: 6th Edition (in C++)

#### Return to [README](../README.md)
#### See also: [Completed Question List](QTODO-list.md)

## Chapter `15` | Threads and Locks

### [15.1: Thread vs Process](../src/15/01/main.cpp) `./ctci6 15 01`
- What's the difference between a thread and a process?

### [15.2: Context Switch](../src/15/02/main.cpp) `./ctci6 15 02`
- How would you measure the time spent in a context switch?

### [15.3: Dining Philosophers](../src/15/03/main.cpp) `./ctci6 15 03`
- In the famous dining philosophers problem, a bunch of philosophers are sitting around a circular table with one chopstick between each of them. <p>A philosopher needs both chopsticks to eat. and always picks up the left chopstick before the right one. <p>A deadlock could potentially occur if all the philosophers reached for the left chopstick at the same time. <p>Using threads and locks, implement a simulation of the dining philosophers problem that prevents dead- locks.

### [15.4: Deadlock-Free Class](../src/15/04/main.cpp) `./ctci6 15 04`
- Design a class which provides a lock only if there are no possible deadlocks.

### [15.5: Call In Order](../src/15/05/main.cpp) `./ctci6 15 05`
- Suppose we have the following code:
    ```c
    class Foo {
    public:
        Foo() { ... }
        void first() { ... }
        void second() { ... }
        void third() { ... }
    };
    ```
    The same instance of `Foo` will be passed to three difference threads.<br>
    `threadA` will call `first`,<br>
    `threadB` will call `second`, and<br>
    `threadC` will call `third.` <p>Design a mechanism to ensure that `first` is called before `second`<br> and `second` is called before `third`.

### [15.6: Synchronized Methods](../src/15/06/main.cpp) `./ctci6 15 06`
- You are given a class with synchronized method `A` and a normal method `B`. <p>If you have two threads in one instance of a program, <br>can they both execute `A` at the same time? <p>Can they execute `A` and `B` at the same time?

### [15.7: FizzBuzz](../src/15/07/main.cpp) `./ctci6 15 07`
- In the classic problem FizzBuzz, you are told to print the numbers from 1 to `n`. <br>However, when the number is divisible by 3, print "`Fizz`". <br>When it is divisible by 5, print "`Buzz`".<br>When it is divisible by 3 and 5, print "`FizzBuzz`". <p>In this problem, you are asked to do this in a multithreaded way. <p>Implement a multithreaded version of `FizzBuzz` with four threads. <p>One thread checks for divisibility of 3 and prints "`Fizz`".<br>Another thread is responsible for divisibility of 5 and prints "`Buzz`".<br>A third thread is responsible for divisibility of 3 and 5 and prints "`FizzBuzz`". <br>A fourth thread does the numbers.

#### Return to [README](../README.md)
#### See also: [Completed Question List](QTODO-list.md)
